I started this project with a good idea of what I wanted the final project to look like. I knew I needed to setup the database, build out the models with their respective CRUD functions, build out the routes and plug them all in together. I wrote tests for each step in that process to ensure the backend code would work well. In an actual production build, I'd amp up the security ensuring I was using JWT access and refresh tokens among other things. I've setup a similar project to this with this before, although I wasn't using Vite for it.
For the front end, I started by building out a dashboard and slowly adding additional peices to it. Frankly, I recognize that some of it needs some refactors looking at the end product. All of the axios calls should be removed from the app.tcx to a hooks file and tested. Some of the modals should be removed to thier own components. The basic project configurations could probably use some tweaking as well.
All in all, I did get it to look as I wanted. I didn't utilize all the ModelCrud functions. But you can create and delete Organizations, Accounts, and Deals. And one can modify the deals status. Additional features I wanted to include are the ability to individually delete accounts and deals. Modify deal values. Select multiple status types in the filter and allow the changing of a deal from the selected types directly. And so on. 
I'm not unhappy with the project frankly, it accomplishes the goals of the challenges and I hope showcases accurately some of what I'm able to do despite my past focus on iOS development. Many appologies for the lack of keeping with the time frame set. Unfortunately, I was juggling being sick and caring for my sick family while doing this. And I had a slight computer malfunction which lost me a bit of code.
Thank you